Image Analysis Measurements

Morphology
    Volume	The Volume of a 3D object using the area attribute of the region object in µm³.
	Diameter	Maximum distance between any two points on the surface of the object in µm.
	Gyration Radius	Indicates the spatial distribution of the shape. The gyration radius gives a measure of how spread out the shape is around its centroid in µm.
	Elongation	The ratio of the longest axis to the shortest axis of an object. A value closer to 1 indicates that the object is more spherical, while a value closer to 0 indicates that the object is more elongated.
	Flatness	The ratio of the second-longest axis to the shortest axis of an object. A value closer to 1 indicates that the object is more spherical, while a value closer to 0 indicates that the object is flatter.
	Surface Area	The surface area of a 3D object, using the marching cubes algorithm in µm².
	Surface Area By Volume	The ratio of the surface area to volume for a 3D object in µm⁻¹.
	Mesh Volume	The volume of 3D object mesh in µm³.
	Compactness	Measure of how sphere-like an object is, with greater emphasis on the volume of the object.
	Sphericity	Measure of how sphere-like an object is, with greater emphasis on the surface area of the object.
	First Principal Axis Length	Length of the longest axis of an object, represented by the first element of the principal_axis_lengths array.
	Second Principal Axis Length	Length of the second-longest axis of an object, represented by the second element of the principal_axis_lengths array.
	Third Principal Axis Length	Length of the third-longest axis of an object, represented by the third element of the principal_axis_lengths array.
	Projection Area XY	The area of the XY projection of a 3D object in µm².
	Projection Roundness XY	Measure of how close the shape of an object is to a perfect circle, based on the XY projection of a 3D object.
	Projection Perimeter XY	The perimeter of the XY projection of a 3D object in µm.
	Projection Area XZ	The area of the XZ projection of a 3D object in µm².
	Projection Roundness XZ	Measure of how close the shape of an object is to a perfect circle, based on the XZ projection of a 3D object.
	Projection Perimeter XZ	The perimeter XZ projection of a 3D object in µm.
	Projection Area YZ	Area of the YZ projection of a 3D object in µm².
	Projection Roundness YZ	Measure how close the shape of an object is to a perfect circle, based on the YZ projection of a 3D object.
	Projection Perimeter YZ	The perimeter is the YZ projection of a 3D object in µm.

Intensity
    Mean Intensity	The mean voxel intensity value of a 3D object.
	Intensity SD	Standard deviation (SD) of pixel intensity values within a 3D object.
	Intensity CV	Coefficient of variation (CV) of pixel intensity values within a 3D object.
	Total Intensity	Computes the total grayscale intensity of a specific 3D region.

Spatial
    Centroid X	X-coordinate of the centroid of a 3D object in µm.
	Centroid Y	Y-coordinate of the centroid of a 3D object in µm.
	Centroid Z	Z-coordinate of the centroid of a 3D object in µm.
	Center of Mass X	X-coordinate of the weighted centroid of a 3D object, weighted based on voxel intensity values in the segmentation channel in µm.
	Center of Mass Y	Y-coordinate of the weighted centroid of a 3D object, weighted based on voxel intensity values in the segmentation channel in µm.
	Center of Mass Z	Z-coordinate of the weighted centroid of a 3D object, weighted based on voxel intensity values in the segmentation channel in µm.
	Mass Displacement	Euclidean distance between the centroid and the center of mass of a 3D object in µm.

Texture
    Gabor Mean Intensity	The mean value of voxel intensities of a 3D object after applying a Gabor filter for texture analysis.
	Gabor Mean Intensity SD	Standard deviation value of pixel intensities of a 3D object after applying a Gabor filter for texture analysis.
	Skewness	Measure of the asymmetry of the probability distribution of a real-valued random variable about its mean.
	Kurtosis	Measure of the "tailedness" of the probability distribution of a real-valued random variable.
	Entropy	The entropy of the pixel intensities values of a Gabor-filtered 3D object. High entropy values indicate complex textures, while low entropy values indicate uniform or homogeneous regions.
